Release v0.11.0 (#90)
chrovis/varity: README.md

Clojure CLI/deps.edn:

```clojure
varity/varity {:mvn/version "0.11.0"}
```

Leiningen/Boot:

```clojure
[varity "0.11.0"]
```

To use varity with Clojure 1.8, you must include a dependency on
[clojure-future-spec](https://github.com/tonsky/clojure-future-spec).

## Breaking changes in 0.11.0

> We fixed following `varity.vcf-to-hgvs` implementation.
> It is inconvenient to throw an exception in `vcf-variant->protein-hgvs` when variants overlapping a boundary of exon/intron even if `vcf-variant->coding-dna-hgvs` succeed in `vcf-to-hgvs.vcf-variant->hgvs`. So we changed to return nil.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We fixed the `varity.vcf-to-hgvs` implementation.
It is confusing to throw the exception in `vcf-variant->protein-hgvs` when a variant overlaps the exon-intron boundaries, even if coding DNA HGVS is available. So we changed the behavior to return protein HGVS as `nil`.
```
